
# Undertale route
MC repeatedly choose to spare enemies, have a chance to forcibly make the enemies sparable. Changing the dream => dream world glitching (like After Class/ DDLC), dream world become less logical and more nonsensical / carefree. MC do everything he likes, find cool ways to spare enemies. After sometime, ML competitive and do whatever he wants, do "crimes", eek the police (Night In the wood reference). MC can have nightmare and ask ML to comfort him, they will sleep together platonically to symbolize the trust of MC for ML.

Decision time: After spending the day together with both ML and MC being happy (go on a normal date, no world saving / solving other people problems), ML will ask MC to give up on reality, saying that it's already too late, isn't it good to stay like this, no need to think about anything else. If MC agrees, ML thanks him and be happy in the party (party after defeating / befriend the final boss of the dream world storyline, maybe Void King who wants to turn everything into oblivion). The door to the past remains sealed forever. And the adventure continues, the player can do anything, but ML will seem generic because he already left the dream world and only leaves behind the simulation.

If not, ML will say 'think about it carefully' and be melancholic at the party. MC will go stand before the door, but can still choose to forget / turn back.

...
...

Forgetting the past, not pursuing the truth is the price for my forgiveness. If you really forget and don't care for the past, then maybe I can do the same and move on. But if you do not, I will do the same and never forget about the pain and won't repeat the same mistake. Of course the situation can be resolved, but only if we have the courage to face it, instead of dreaming of an easy solution.

Lost memories: after the "incidence", MC is imprisoned forever in the dream world by ML. There are many things that need communicating between them, but ML leaves and left MC waiting without knowing when ML will return, or if he will return at all. In another timeline / world / simulation, ML will die and won't return at all. In this timeline, ML will return after an indefinite amount of time (several years) to demand to know what really happened at the "incidence", what is the experience, thought, emotion of MC that leads to it, MC's testimony. MC waits everyday for ML to come to the dreamworld for MC to convince ML to save him. In the dreamworld, MC is the hero who saves the world, the dreamworld content is initially created by ML, it can changes according to MC but the basic plot is the same. The dreamworld isn't MC escape from reality, and he maybe be weared down by repeating the same thing over and over again, even if the things repeated isn't that bad.

In the final battle of MC and ML for ML to determine whether to release MC back to the real world, MC will try what he did in the dreamworld (do actions to spare enemies), but ML is the real person and won't act according to MC's wish. MC won't be able to perform any actions. Finally, MC will break down crying, ML will hug him, saying 'farewell' and turn into light particles and fades away (dying enemies will turn into light particles and fades away, in contrast to undertale monsters turning into dust) (of course ML won't really die, he "dies" in the dreamworld but will leave the dreamworld). MC will stay in the dreamworld, now knowing that it was all a dream, that this isn't his escapism, that the only chance to him to be free is gone forever, and most of all he will be lonely again. At the end MC realizes that he needs ML, he feels happy because the ML is here, MC wants ML companion more than ML will save him. 

